---
layout: post
title:  "CPSC 110: Python Programming for Humanities and Social Sciences"
date:   2022-07-29 10:38
author: Tyler S. on behalf of Sohee P.
---
The Department of Computer Science is offering a new introduction to Computer Science and Python programming course named CPSC 110: Python Programming for Humanities and Social Sciences in Fall 2022. If you want to partner with the CPSC 110 Staff and work as a TA or ULA, please fill out the form at the link below by Wed, Aug. 24. 
Have a great rest of the summer and see you at the campus! 
[https://forms.gle/iPTdPcT1qJYeaB4y6](https://forms.gle/iPTdPcT1qJYeaB4y6)

### About CPSC 110
##### CPSC 110 will be offered Mon/Wed. 11:35 AM
The Department of Computer Science is offering a new introduction to Computer Science and Python programming course named CPSC 110: Python Programming for Humanities and Social Sciences.

Instructors: Sohee Park (sohee.park@yale.edu)  | Ozan Erat  (ozan.erat@yale.edu)

In the first five weeks, students will learn the foundation of Computer Science, Computational Thinking, and the fundamentals of Python programming. During the rest of the semester, students will apply Python programming to the field of Data Science. Students will first learn what is Data Science, learn to ask good questions (what you might be able to learn from the data set, what people want to know, and etc.), and learn to do data analysis and data visualization.  Students will finish the semester with a Data Science project using the data in the areas of students’ interests/majors.

We envision teaching students to equip the following: 

- An ability to understand the fundamental build blocks of programming.
- An ability to write programs using the Python language 
- An ability to develop algorithms and solutions to computational problems 
- An ability to use, analyze, and present domain-specific data using Python language
- Motivation to share what they learned with and contribute to other people in need. 
