---
title: CS Dept Clubs
permalink: /docs/clubs/
---
**COMPUTER SCIENCE AFFILIATED CLUBS**

### Code4Good

We work with local nonprofits and public agencies to pinpoint their most
pressing technical needs and scope viable, sustainable student projects
that address them. Additionally, we also want to change the way that
techies think of the public sphere, so we'll be holding talks,
workshops, and other events aimed at doing this.

-   Website: [yalecode4good.org](http://yalecode4good.org/)

-   Email: code4good at yale dot edu

### CodeHaven

Code Haven is a Yale undergraduate student organization that teaches
weekly computing lessons at middle schools, engaging students with
online lessons, unplugged activities and class wide demonstrations. Code
Haven also runs events related to computer science education to promote
its mission outside the classroom.

-   Website: [codehavenyale.com](http://codehavenyale.com/)

### Yale WGiCS: Women and Gender Minorities in Computer Science

WGiCS is Yale's undergraduate society for women and gender minorities in
computer science. We organize events aimed at increasing the community
within the computer science major as well as offer professional
development opportunities with corporate partners. Another aspect of our
organization is our technical workshops which aim to introduce members
of the CS community to interesting new technologies and projects.

-   Website: [yalewics.com](http://yalewics.com/)

-   Email: floatyale at gmail dot com

### Hack Mental Health

Our mission is to foster the leading community of mental health
advocates and technologists and enable them to innovate and advance
mental health care through technology. Hosting a mental health hackathon
February 22-24, 2019.

-   Website:
    > [hackmentalhealth.care/about-yale/](https://www.hackmentalhealth.care/about-yale/)

-   Email: anthony dot xu at yale dot edu

### SheCode

SheCode holds 3-4 weekend sessions per semester to teach New Haven
middle and high school girls to code (Scratch, HTML/CSS, Python),
inspiring them to explore their interests in computer science and STEM
and creating a collaborative learning environment for new programmers
with Yale CS majors serving as mentors and TAs.

-   Website:
    > [shecodeatyale.wordpress.com](https://shecodeatyale.wordpress.com/)

### Yale Computer Society

The Yale Computer Society organizes initiatives that promote Computer Science and Engineering to the Yale community. These initiatives include seven practical development projects for students to gain real-world software engineering experience, speaker events with technologists and industry professionals, study breaks for students interested in STEM, and workshops taught by Yale students and guests.

-   Website: [yalecompsociety.org](http://yalecompsociety.org)

-   Released Project Links:
    *  [CourseTable](https://www.coursetable.com/)
    *  [Yalies](https://yalies.io)
    *  [MealMatch](https://www.mealmatch.app/)

-   Email: yalecomputersociety at gmail dot com  or kelvin dot yip at yale dot edu


### Yale Helix Group

Helix is an undergraduate student club that creates ventures that
disrupt healthcare. Helix Innovation Fellows will form dream teams with
the doctors and launch ventures through meetings, user research and lots
of coding/engineering.

-   Website: [yalehelix.org](https://www.yalehelix.org/)

### Yale Entrepreneurial Society

We organize speaker events, workshop series, trips and treks to NYC and
Boston, mentorship program, and elevator pitch competitions to connect
entrepreneurial-minded students with successful co-founders of startups
and people in venture capital funds.

### YUAA

The Yale Undergraduate Aerospace Association promotes and advances
aerospace engineering through collaboration, innovation, and outreach.
YUAA cultivates leaders who meet challenges with discipline and
creativity.

### Yale Undergraduate Intelligent Vehicles

Yale InVe aims to engage and inspire talented Yale engineers through
exciting autonomous unmanned vehicle competitions. From autonomous
ground vehicles to robotic sailboats, members cultivate software,
electrical, and mechanical skills while designing and implementing
competitive systems.

### Yale Undergraduate Society of Women Engineers

SWE is an organization dedicated to creating a space for women and
gender minorities in Yale\'s engineering department. Between our
National Chapter, connection with the graduate SWE chapter, and other
professional development and community opportunities, we strive to make
engineering a welcoming place for all. Every year, we attend the
National SWE conference which is the world's largest conference for
women in engineering.

-   Website: [yaleswe.com](http://yaleswe.com/)

-   iEmail: sweyale at gmail dot com
